Group Meeting on April 9th
Attended by: Juan Fran Ferrer, Stacy Hayes, Andrew Grillot, and Jonathan Bayer
*Maxim Moghadan and Michael Gigiolio were unable to attend

Who Worked on What:
Andrew Grillot: Worked on trying to create a system that stores and searches to their respctive user ID in the database
Jonathan Bayer: Improving the bot detection
Stacy Hayes: Improving website, updating completion of tasks
Juan Fran Ferrer: Pushed some stuff on git and tried to find ways to improve website

Accomplished:
-Reached a better understanding on what we want the website to look like
-Investigated how we wanted to store searches to the respective ID databases
-Made bot detection more accurate
-Made a plan for what needs to be done in the next few weeks
